feat(ui): redesign homepage with new visual elements (#234)
valkey-io/valkey-io.github.io: content/_index.md

github_org_text= "All repos in the Valkey GitHub organization"

headline= "Valkey: an open source, in-memory data store"
long_description= ""

[extra.hero]
headings = ["FAST.", "RELIABLE.", "OPEN SOURCE, FOREVER."]

> subtitle = "Valkey is an open source (BSD) high-performance key/value datastore that supports a variety of workloads such as caching, message queues, and can act as a primary database. The project is backed by the Linux Foundation, ensuring it will remain open source forever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle = "Valkey is an open source (BSD) high-performance key/value datastore that supports a variety of workloads such as caching, message queues, and can act as a primary database. The project is backed by the Linux Foundation, ensuring it will remain open source forever."
```

github_org_text= "All repos in the Valkey GitHub organization"

headline= "Valkey: an open source, in-memory data store"
long_description= ""

[extra.hero]
headings = ["FAST.", "RELIABLE.", "OPEN SOURCE, FOREVER."]

> subtitle = "Accelerate your applications with Valkey, the high-performance, in-memory database built for speed, scale, and open innovation. Backed by the Linux Foundation, Valkey delivers the real-time capabilities you need - without vendor lock-in"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle = "Valkey is an open source (BSD) high-performance key/value datastore that supports a variety of workloads such as caching, message queues, and can act as a primary database. The project is backed by the Linux Foundation, ensuring it will remain open source forever.
```
There was some contention about the wording, so I think we should just revert back to the previous wording to get this merged and someone else can follow up to edit this.

button_text = "GET STARTED"
button_url = "/topics/quickstart"

[[extra.documentation_cards]]
title = "Install"
description = "Step-by-step instructions on how to install and configure Valkey for first-time users."
button_text = "See Installation Guide"
button_url = "/topics/installation"

> [[extra.documentation_cards]]
> title = "Modules"
> description = "Detailed documentation on the language used within Valkey, including syntax, commands, and examples."
> features = ["JSON", "Bloom Filters", "Vector Search"]
> button_text = "Learn More"
> button_url = "/topics/modules-intro"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[extra.documentation_cards]]
title = "Usage guide"
description = "Detailed documentation on the various datatype supported by Valkey and best practices."
button_text = "Documentation by topic"
button_url = "/topics/"
```
Looks like some placeholder text. Since we don't really have modules documented well enough, I'm going to propose the following.

[[extra.documentation_cards]]

> title = "Programming with Valkey"
> description = "Step-by-step instructions on how to install and configure Valkey for first-time users."
> features = ["Full Command List", "Pipelining", "Pub/Sub Messaging", "And more"]
> button_text = "Command Reference"
> button_url = "/commands"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Valkey API"
description = "View the full list of Valkey commands including first party modules."
button_text = "Command Reference"
button_url = "/commands"
```

+++

## Documentation

> Valkey is an open source (BSD) high-performance key/value datastore that supports a variety of workloads such as **caching**, **message queues**, and can act as a **primary database**.
> Valkey can run as either a **standalone** daemon or in a **cluster**, with options for **replication** and **high availability**.
> 
> Valkey natively supports a rich collection of datatypes, including **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **bitmaps**, **hyperloglogs** and more.
> You can operate on data structures in-place with an expressive collection of commands.
> Valkey also supports native extensibility with built-in scripting support for **Lua** and supports **module** plugins to create new commands, data types, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey can run as either a **standalone** daemon or in a **cluster**, with options for **replication** and **high availability**. Valkey natively supports a rich collection of datatypes, including **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **bitmaps**, **hyperloglogs** and more.
You can operate on data structures in-place with an expressive collection of commands.
Valkey also supports native extensibility with built-in scripting support for **Lua** and supports **module** plugins to create new commands, data types, and more.
```

Because I pulled a sentence earlier, just removing that sentence and compacting these two together.
